TODO: Extract only sensor information, delete information NOT 
Related to sensors. (haven't done yet)

Privacy Policy
Effective: January 31, 2024
Last Modified: February 19, 2024
Welcome to 3DCinema.Owned by Shenzhen XVerse Information Technology Co., Ltd. ("Xverse,"
"we," "us" or "our")，3DCinema is a powerful VR video player.
We always respect the privacy of our online visitors and users of our products and services. Our
Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect the information in relation to our
software and services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use
of your information.
Our Policy applies to all users and others who access the Service ("Users"). Your use of (or
request to use) 3DCinema or the Service constitutes your acceptance of this Policy.
If you are a California resident, in order to learn more about your California Privacy Rights,
please see the CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (“CCPA) PRIVACY NOTICE section below.
1.INFORMATION WE COLLECT OR HAVE ACCESS TO
We collect the following types of information that you provide directly to us when using the
Services.
• Account information. When you create an account, we log your username, provided email
address, account creation date, the Oculus account you’re using, the head-mounted
display (HMD) you’re using, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you log in.
• Activity information. For each user session, we log a wide variety of user actions, such as the
amount of time you spend in our app, the date, time, and reason for contacting us, and other
communications with us.
• Transactional information. If you purchase products or services from us , whether on our
sites or through our applications, we will collect certain information from you, including your
name, address, email address, and information about the product or service you are
purchasing.
• Log and usage data. We may log information when you access and use the Services. This
may include your IP address, operating system, media access control (MAC) address, and
other information about the devices and computers you use to access the Services.
• Analytics information.We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage
trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service,
including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in
improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics
information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular
individual User.
• Cookies and similar technologies.When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar
technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how
you use the Service and provide features to you.We may ask advertisers or other partners to
serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed
by us or the third party.
2.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect and use information about you for the following purposes, including to:
• Provide, maintain, test and improve our Services;
• Create, manage, and authenticate your account;
• Diagnose or fix technology problems;
• Remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time
you visit the Service;
• Respond to customer service requests;
• Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
• Complete the transactions you request and perform our contractual obligations;
• Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and other support and administrative
messages;
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties without your consent.
3.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
When you use the Services, certain information may be shared with other users and the public.
For example:
• With your consent. We may share information about you with your consent or at your
direction with third parties when you ask us to do so or intentionally interact with a third
party.
• To enforce our policies and rights. We may share information to protect the rights, property,
and safety of Xverse, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our
agreements, policies, and terms of use.
• In connection with a corporate transaction. We may share personal information when we do
a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of
our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or
bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
• With our professional advisors. We share personal information with our legal, financial,
insurance and other advisors in connection with the corporate transactions described above
or in connection with the management of our business and operations.
• With law enforcement authorities and individuals involved in legal proceedings. We share
personal information when it’s necessary for us to comply with applicable law or legal
process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect our rights, property or personal safety of our
users, employees, or the public.
We do not sell your identifying information such as your name, email address, or postal address.
4.HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
The information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in countries where
Xverse and its affiliates maintain teams and facilities. The information may be in a country or
jurisdiction different from your own, which may not have the same data protection laws as your
own country or jurisdiction. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to keep the personal
information you provide us for the Service secure.
By using the Service and/or contacting us, you consent to the access, use and storage of
information as described above and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
5.DELETION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will delete your information you provide to us after we have solved your technical problems,
or will otherwise only keep such information to the minimum extent as required to provide and
improve our Service to you. You can also contact us (see “How to Contact Us” below) to have
your information deleted.
6.RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR DATA
If your personal information is collected from you and where applicable laws apply, you will
have the right to request for access, rectification, erasure, processing restriction and portability
of your personal data, and the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory
authority.
7.OTHER WEB-SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from
our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that
when you use a link to access our Service or to go from our Service to another website or
service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services.
Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a
link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you
agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-party websites or
services or their data & privacy practices.
8.CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA) PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice applies to California consumers and supplements the Privacy Statement. If
you are a California resident, please review these additional privacy disclosures, which provide a
summary of how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from you and also explains
your rights under California law.
• Identifiers: “Identifiers” covers a broad range of information, including things like name,
email address, postal address, and IP address. We collect some CCPA personal information
that falls into this category. We collect IP addresses when you connect to our service online.
These sorts of identifiers are connected to your account.
• Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law: This covers a
broad range of information like race, sex, marital status, among other protected classes. We
do not collect this information when you register for 3DCinema.
• Commercial information: This includes information about products or services considered,
obtained or purchased.
• Internet or other electronic network activity information: Our services are online services, so
we collect CCPA personal information in this category, like your interactions with our service,
such as log data, and information about the devices and computers you use to access the
Services.
• Geolocation data: We do not collect precise geolocation data from GPS sensors. However, we
do collect IP addresses from which we can determine your general location.
CCPA provides you with the right to access, modify and delete your personal information as well
as the right to request information about how we collect and use your personal information. We
do not sell your personal information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your
privacy rights under CCPA. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under the
CCPA, you can contact us.
9.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically.
We may provide you notice of modifications or updates if required by applicable laws. Your
continued use of (or request to use) 3DCinema or the Service after any modification to this
Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
10.HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you want to request deletion of any
personal information you have provided to us, please contact us at contact@xverse.cn